Feature/update sdk (#5)
Innim/flutter_login_vk: README.md

## Minimum requirements

* iOS **9.0** and higher.

> * Android **4.1** and newer (SDK **21**).

Reviewer: SDK 21 это не 4.1 -  версию Android  забыл обновить

Author: Поправил

    android:label="ServiceActivity"
    android:theme="@style/VK.Transparent" />
```

> 3. Add your VK application identifier to the resource file (example strings.xml),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add your VK application identifier to the resource file (e.g. `strings.xml`),
```
